1) A random sample of 56 restaurants gave a mean profit per employee of €567.12. The population standard deviation is known and its value is €45.73. Find the 95% confidence interval for the mean profit per employee for all restaurants.
2) A random sample of 14 candy stores gave a mean startup cost of €39,562 with a sample standard deviation €2,886. Find the 90% confidence interval for the mean startup cost for all candy stores. Assume that the startup cost follows the normal distribution.
3) Carbon monoxide is a major atmospheric pollutant in urban areas. The hourly emission of Carbon Monoxide from a large production plant follows the normal distribution. An environmental engineer took a random sample of 20 measurements of the weight per hour of Carbon Monoxide emitted from this plant at different days and times. The sample mean was 120.7 kg and the sample standard deviation was 31.2 kg. Compute the 95% confidence interval for the mean of all hourly emissions of Carbon Monoxide from this plant.
4) A consumer magazine contacted a random sample of 31 owners of a certain model of car and asked each how many defects had to be corrected within the first 2 years of ownership. The sample mean number of defects was 3.8. The population standard deviation is known and its value is 1.7 defects. Construct a 90% confidence interval for the mean number of defects for this model.
5) A random sample of 93 American firms is selected. Each firm is asked to report the number of new products it introduced last year. The sample mean was 26.7 new products. Note that the population standard deviation is known and its value is 7.5 new products. Calculate the 99% confidence interval for the population mean number of new products introduced by all American firms in the last year.
6) Assume that stock fund annual expenses are normally distributed. Suppose that the average annual expense for a random sample of 12 stock funds is 1.63 percent with a sample standard deviation of 0.41 percent. Calculate a 95% confidence interval for the mean annual expense for all stock funds
7) A machine that stuffs a cheese-filled snack product can be adjusted for the amount of cheese injected into each unit. A random sample of 34 units was selected. The sample mean amount of cheese injected was 3.5 gr. The distribution is normal and the population standard deviation is known and its value is 0.3 gr. Find the 95% confidence interval for the average amount of cheese injected by the machine.
8) A power company is promoting high-efficiency bulbs by giving a rebate to all buyers of such bulbs. The service desk manager knows that the employee time required to process such a rebate follows the normal distribution. The manager monitored a random sample of 14 rebate processes and measured the employee time spent for each. The sample mean was 4.7 minutes and the sample standard deviation was 1.5 minutes. Compute the 99% confidence interval for the mean employee time required to process all of these rebates